improved 'getting started' by separating extensions content and point… (#185)
leaningtech/labs: sites/cheerpj/src/content/docs/10-getting-started/01-Java-applet.mdx

---

import LinkButton from "@leaningtech/astro-theme/components/LinkButton.astro";
import AppletRunner from "@leaningtech/astro-theme/components/AppletRunner.astro";

CheerpJ can run Java applets in the browser seamlessly. This page will help you getting started with CheerpJ for Java applets using the CheerpJ runtime environment on your own webpage.

{/* <p class="m-0 text-md font-semibold text-gray-900 dark:text-white"> */}

<div class="items-center justify-center space-y-4 sm:flex sm:space-y-0 sm:space-x-4 rtl:space-x-reverse">
	<div class="-mb-2 flex-grow text-left">
		<div class="-my-1 font-sans text-lg font-semibold">Not a Developer?</div>
		<p class="-my-3 text-base text-gray-600 dark:text-gray-400">

> 			Check out our browser extension for running Java Applets directly in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			Check out our browser extension for running Java Applets while you browse in
```
